Will Armsworthy
Lab 6 Report

In this lab, Conway's Game of Life was constructed on a 40x40 grid. From the user's perspective,
the program works in two different ways: either the user can run the program and then add,
remove, play the next turn, continuosly play turns, or quit, or the user can input a file 
on the command line with the executable and the function with read the coordinates in the file 
and run the game based on those coordinates. 

From an internal perspective, the program is split up into lifefunc.c which houses all the functions,
playlife.c, which contains the main code for the program, and lifefunc.h, which contains the 
various headers for the functions. The main code works by checking if there is a command line file passed. If 
there is, it enters one switch conditional that switches between each option based on what the user inputs. If there
is a command line file passed, the program goes into batch mode instead of being interactive. The code then enters a 
similar switch conditional, however this time instead of reading input from standard, it reads input from the file that 
was passed to it. The functions include a function that displays the board, a function that initializes the board,
a function that adds an "X" to the board, a function that removes the contents of a cell from the board, and a function that
updates the board to a new board containing all the new alive/dead cells. 

I verified that the output of the program is correct by testing it a number of times with different input files, my different scenes,
and manual input of adding/removing points. Additionally, a number of the scenes that I used were found on the website "conwaylife.com".
For example, a couple of the spaceships I used are small, common spaceships in the game like a loafer or a heavyweight spaceship. For Scene
4, I found something called the "R-pentomino." Despite only having 5 starting cells, this layout of Xs creates a great deal of activity 
as you can see. Eventually, it becomes only stationary objects or small oscillations. The other really cool one that I found on conwaylife.com
is called the Gosper Glider Gun and I decided to use it for scene 5. It continuously "shoots" gliders as you can see. This one was a larger
object, but I thought the product was super interesting and unique. 
